CON-152: reservations/getAll: Update StartUtc docs, add ScheduledStartUtc and ActualStartUtc (#489)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/reservations.md

| `CreatorProfileId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the user who created the order item. |
| `UpdaterProfileId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the user who updated the order item. |
| `BookerId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Customer](customers.md#customer) on whose behalf the reservation was made. |
| ~~`StartUtc`~~ | ~~string~~ | ~~required~~ | ~~Reservation start or check-in time (if it's earlier than scheduled start) in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format.~~ **Deprecated!** Use `ScheduledStartUtc` and `ActualStartUtc` instead. |
| `ScheduledStartUtc` | string | required | Scheduled start time of reservation in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

> | `ActualStartUtc` | string | optional | Time of check-in for started reservations in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ActualStartUtc` | string | optional | Actual customer check-in time of reservation in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
```

| `CreatedUtc` | string | required | Creation date and time of the reservation in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | string | required | Last update date and time of the reservation in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `CancelledUtc` | string | optional | Cancellation date and time in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

> | `StartUtc` | string | required | Reservation start \(arrival\) or check-in time (if it's earlier than scheduled start) in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `StartUtc` | string | required | Start of the reservation in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. This is either the scheduled reservation start time, or the actual customer check-in time if this is earlier than the scheduled start time. |
```
